Put the name your bot file into a folder.

name the folder whatever you want.


edit the exclamation point to whatever symbol you want, or leave it,
and add to it the way you want to message the bot, for example:

  !EXAMPLE hello or *EXAMPLE how are you

Save file.


Go to discord developer portal, create an app, name it whatever, give it a description
this will be displayed on the side when you right click it in your server.


save these changes.

  
 go to the bot section,
name it whatever. make it public or not, give it message content permission, and check
the send message box.


go to the OAuth2 Section, click the generate URL section, checkmark bot under the scope section,
then checkmark send messages under permissions, dont do admin as this will allow your bot
to be dangerous and potentially kill servers.


use the URL in your server or even your browser, invite your bot, it should be offline in your
server with these permissions.
  
  




  
After this is completed:


Go to your discord bot, get a token, do not exit out once you copy and paste,
the bot needs to go online with the token given, or discord will invalidate it.

copy and paste the token into the token location of the file.

save file.

  


once youve done this, open your terminal

install python if you havent with the pip command,

cd into your folder, for example

  cd Desktop/YOU_RFOLDER_NAME

hit ls, this should let you see your discord bot file.

use python yourbotname.py

Your bot should now be logged in to whatever server you invited it to,
you can now leave the discord developer portal, and move on to the chatGPT api.

hit ctrl + c to shut off the bot.


go to the chat gpt api, do the same thing as the discord bot, keep the api key open
until the bot is running again 

copy and paste you token to the open api part of the code

save the file.


use python yourbotname.py


your bot should now be running, and when you use whatever string or !example you like,
it should now respond with a message from the chatgpt api in your discord server.


